[LUNA on PA] Destroyer alert!
Destroyer alert!
[TOWNSPEOPLE clamoring]
All citizens must
evacuate immediately!
Adventurers, equip yourselves
and report to the Guild!
Hey, don't just
stand there!
We have to leave!
It'll be here any minute!
What will?
The mobile fortress, Destroyer.
It's suicide to try to fight
something so fearsome.
Can someone tell me
what a Destroyer even is?!
[DARKNESS]
It is an ancient weapon.
And wherever
it rampages through,
not even the grass remains.
[gulps]
Come on, guys.
Let's head to the Guild.
You're crazy!
We worked our asses
to the bone for this house!
And I'll be damned if I'm gonna
let anything happen to it!
[clanking, rumbling]
[LUNA] You are the only hope
this town has.
Thank you for putting
your lives on the line to help.
Okay, everyone,
our intel shows
the mobile fortress, Destroyer,
is approaching
from the northwest.
Our town stands
directly in its path.
It will be at our walls
within one hour.
[ALL gasp]
-[gadget beeps]
-[gasps]
Question.
I heard it was made
a long time ago
with advanced
magical technology.
Can't we ask its creators
how to neutralize it?
Or how to break
its magic barrier?
When the Destroyer
switched on,
its creators were
the first to die.
[KAZUMA]
How's a town full of noobs
supposed to stop this thing?
Talk about a hard level!
If Kyouya were here,
he'd know what to do,
Yeah, how come
he ain't here?
[grunts softly]
Face it, we should get
out of here while we can.
-We cannot.
-[CHRIS] Huh?
It is our duty to protect
the homes of the townspeople.
[CHRIS]
I swear, Darkness,
you can be so stubborn.
-Hey. You.
-[KAZUMA] Mm.
You got any bright ideas?
Not off the bat, I don't.
Hmm.
Oh! Hey, Aqua.
You think you can bust
through its magic barrier?
I have no way to know
unless I try.
Are you saying you can break
the Destroyer's magic barrier?!
N-no one's saying anything!
I-I was just wondering!
Well, can't you and your party
at least try?
I-I guess?
Alright. But we still need
the firepower to kill it.
[ADVENTURER]
Oh, we got that.
Sure she's small,
but she packs a wallop.
You know, the crazy one.
Yeah, that weirdo's the bomb.
Literally!
That little nutjob
can blast it to pieces!
[ALL]
Staaaaare...
H-hold on a minute!
If you're talking about me,
don't you dare call me
by any name other than my own!
Anyone does it again
and I'll show you
how crazy I am.
I'll incinerate you all
right here and now!
[murmuring]
Your Explosion magic
could put the odds in our favor.
It could save the town.
[MEGUMIN]
Hmm.
A-as fearsome as it is,
I doubt it's powerful enough
to take it down in one blow.
[ALL sigh]
[WOMAN] Excuse me!
I'm sorry I'm late!
I'm Wiz, owner of
the Magic Item Shop.
I also happen to be
a certified adventurer.
and I've come
to help however I can.
The shopkeeper's here!
She's broke,
but she's no joke!
Dirt-poor shopkeeper
for the win!
[ALL cheering]
Yo, calling her out
for being poor's not cool.
And why in the hell's
everyone cheering her on
like she's some kind
of celebrity?
Dude, you don't know
about her?!
Before she opened
her shop here,
she had a rep for being
this great arch-wizard.
[KAZUMA] They'd crap
their pants if they knew
she was really a lich.
Alright, everyone.
The emergency quest
will now begin!
[ALL cheering]
Yo, hurry up with that!
It's gonna be here any second!
[MEN]
Right!
Come on, Darkness.
You can't stand
out here, waiting.
Look, I know how much you like
the pain and all,
and I'm not judging.
But you'd help out more
back at the--
I understand why you would think
what you do,
given my
usual behavior, but...
...I am a knight, remember?
Do you think I would put
desire before duty?
Yeah, that's exactly
what you're doing.
Guh!
[clears throat]
In truth, the people here
are my responsibility.
They might not know why
or even care, but still,
it is my duty
to protect them.
Why them, in particular?
My real given name
is Lalatina Dustiness Ford.
Uh, Lala-what?
I am a Dustiness Ford.
My family governs this land.
Wait, you're a rich girl?!
-Please keep it secret.
-[KAZUMA] Oh. Sure!
[DARKNESS]
I am a knight.
As such, I must protect
my people.
It is my duty
and honor to.
-Agreed?
-Mm-hmm.
I am sorry for being selfish
and stubborn.
Well, when it comes to being
all selfish and stubborn,
there's a certain arch-priest
I know that blows you away.
But you're doing what you do
for the right reasons.
So I'm cool with that.
Very well, then.
"Lalatina!"
Never call me
by that name again!
-[DARKNESS] KonoSuba!
-[KAZUMA] ...noSuba!
Attention, everyone!
The Destroyer
will be in sight shortly!
Prepare yourselves
for battle!
[thudding footsteps]
[ground rumbling]
[BOTH]
Aah.
[birds chirping]
[steam hissing]
[flames whooshing]
Damn! It's huge!
-[whimpering]
[KAZUMA panting]
This ain't gonna be easy,
that's for sure!
[AQUA] Hey, Wiz!
You can do this, right?!
I'll give it my best shot,
Lady Aqua.
I might not look it, but I'm
the highest rank of undead.
So, does that mean yes
or no?!
If I should happen to fail,
then we'll all return
to the dust together.
Quit joking around, you!
That's not even funny!
Hey, Kazuma!
You guys okay over there?!
It'll be okay.
I can totally do this.
-I'm strong enough.
-[KAZUMA] We're not okay.
I'm a genius mage--
Hey, quit stressing
yourself out.
Everything's gonna be fine.
I-I'll blow it to ashes
with m-m-my Explosion magic!
-M-m-mark my words!
-No, no, wait! Not yet!
[clanking]
[KAZUMA]
Here it comes!
[whooshing]
Sacred...
[ADVENTURERS]
Aah!
...Dispel!
[grunting]
[yelling]
[ADVENTURERS screaming]
Now's our chance!
I'm all set!
Ready, Megumin?
Go, go,
what're you waiting for?!
[MEGUMIN whimpering]
Come on!
What's the holdup?
You said you loved
Explosion magic!
You gonna stand there
and let Wiz show you up?!
Hurry and bust out
your magic!
Or is it so weak
it can't even put
a dent in that thing?!
[MEGUMIN]
How dare you!
Don't you speak
like that to me!
Questioning my skill
is even worse
than making fun of my name!
You want an explosion?
I shall show you an explosion!
[MEGUMIN/WIZ]
Darkness blacker than black,
darker than dark,
merge with my deep crimson,
I beseech thee.
The time of awakening
hath come.
From the boundaries
of righteousness,
come forth, oh Justice,
as an intangible distortion!
-Explosion!
[explosions booming]
[rumbling]
[rocks clattering]
[sighs]
You did it.
[MEGUMIN groans]
Ohh!
That's a lich for you.
Her power will always be
greater than mine.
So frustrating.
You did good.
And sorry about
all the crap I said.
-[ADVENTURERS] Yeah!
-[ADVENTURER 1] They did it!
[ADVENTURER 2] Now that
it's over, I'm getting married.
[gasps]
Those knuckleheads
better shut up,
or they're gonna trigger
a flag!
Now that it's dead,
let's all hit the bar!
I can't wait to collect
the reward!
Shut up, you idiot!
Your big, fat mouth's
gonna get us killed!
-Huh?
-[beeps]
[DARKNESS gasps]
There you go, happy now?!
Huh?!
[DESTROYER]
Critical damage detected.
All crew members,
evacuate immediately.
-Self-destruct sequence engaged.
-[WIZ gasps]
[DESTROYER]
Self-destruct sequence engaged.
-[KAZUMA] Holy hell!
-[ADVENTURERS] Holy hell!
[DESTROYER]
Self-destruct engaged.
-Oh crap.
-[ALL screaming]
[ADVENTURER 1]
It's gonna blow! Run!
[ADVENTURER 1] I don't
wanna die! I don't wanna die!
Come on, Darkness!
Let's get out of here!
I cannot withdraw
until the battle has ended.
No matter how mighty the enemy,
a knight must hold their ground.
Darkness!
[DARKNESS] When I think
about exposing myself
to a bomb
big enough to vaporize
a whole town, I feel...
-[gasps, shudders]
-Huh?
I feel a rising excitement
I have never felt before.
Will I be able
to withstand the blast?
No matter how sturdy I am,
I doubt I shall survive
unscathed.
[shaky breath]
I cannot stand this waiting!
-Kazuma!
-Yeah, what's up?
I am going
to charge in there!
Huh? No, you can't go--
Do not wait for me!
[cackling]
Hey, look!
Darkness is attacking it!
[ADVENTURERS]
Huh?
She intends to destroy it
before it explodes!
She's trying
to save the town!
I'm gonna go with her!
I owe my life to this town
and its people!
I'm past level thirty,
so I should've left here
ages ago.
[SUCCUBI giggle]
But now I remember why
I stayed in this town
of beginning adventurers.
[DUST]
Where else can a guy party
like a rock-star for cheap?
[SUCCUBI giggle]
Here's our chance to repay
this town
for all it's given us!
-Yeah!
We built this town and by God
we'll protect it!
[ADVENTURERS]
Yeah!
[ADVENTURERS yelling]
[ADEVNTURER] Come out,
you spider-driving bastards!
[explosions booming]
Kazuma,
I have an idea.
The self-destruct
must have a power source.
If we find it,
we can shut it down.
Don't tell Darkness that.
She has her heart set
on getting blown up today.
-[explosion booms]
-[ADVENTURER] It's open!
[ADVENTURERS yelling]
Looks to me they have
everything under control now.
Why don't we come back tomorrow
when it's less crowded and--
Oh, shut up and come on!
Huh?! N-no!
[explosion booms]
[DUST]
Cockpit's open!
[coughing]
I really don't wanna be here!
Look, guys. The pilot.
[KAZUMA/AQUA]
Eww.
Would you look at that.
He's quite dead.
[AQUA] Well, at least
he's not undead!
Look at him,
he must've died peacefully,
without a single regret.
Wait. What are you
talking about?!
He died alone!
I mean,
can you even imagine
what that was like for him?
[AQUA]
What's this?
"I can't believe what these
big shots want me to do."
"I have to make
a mobile fortress
"for next to nothing.
Cheapskates."
[KAZUMA]
Damn. That's his diary.
[DESTROYER CREATOR] They asked
what I'd use to power it.
Hell if I know!
To get them off my back,
I asked for something rare,
coronatite.
Dammit, they brought some!
Now what?!
If this doesn't work,
they'll execute me!
It has to work!
Please work! Please!
Well, it's done.
And it's out of control.
Oh my god!
The kingdom's fallen!
Everyone's dead!
This thing works
as ordered, though,
so hey, nice job, me!
Anyway, I can't stop this thing
and can't get out,
so I think I'll be spending
the rest of my life in it.
What kind of idiot forgets
to make an off switch?!
Oh right. I'm the idiot that
forgot to make an off switch.
-[KAZUMA/AQUA] Humph!
-[WIZ] Eee!
-[AQUA] The end.
-You asshole!
-[AQUA] Ko!
-[KAZUMA] No!
-[DARKNESS] Su!
-[MEGUMIN] Ba!
[KAZUMA] [sighs] Dust and
the others got out okay.
So, now what do we do?
The coronatite could explode
at any minute.
You're a goddess,
can't you do something?
-Hm?
-Don't "Hm" me.
Ain't sealing away
evil crap
a basic goddessy thing to do?
What idiot gave you
that idea?!
But I bet someone like Wiz
can deal with it,
-can't you, Wiz?
-Uh...
I could use
a teleportation spell to--
-Yeah, do that!
-But I can't.
I don't have enough magic!
-Um, Kazuma?
-Yeah?
[WIZ]
I have a request.
Sure. What is it?
Would you please let me
suck it out?
Absolutely.
I won't be crude and ask
"suck what" or "suck how,"
'cause this ain't
the time for jokes.
I trust you,
so... suck away.
Thank you so much
for letting me!
-[KAZUMA] No, thank you.
-Now, then.
[KAZUMA]
Bring it.
Mom. Dad.
I lost my virginity
in this parallel wo--
Whoa!
Drain Touch! I'm so sorry!
[screaming, grunting]
Hey, stop it!
That's enough,
he's getting all shriveled up!
[groans]
[KAZUMA]
Yup. That sucked,
I think I have enough to use
my teleportation spell!
[KAZUMA] [strained voice]
Good for you.
[WIZ]
Now, where to send it?
There are only a few places
where I can.
Well, send it somewhere!
That thing changed
from glowing a scary red
to a super-scary white!
I can send it away
immediately
if I do a random teleport.
Yeah, do that!
I don't know.
What if it ends up
going to a place
where there are lots
of people?
[KAZUMA]
Whatevs, it's a big world!
I'll take full responsibility
for this.
I'm maxed out with Luck,
so I'm not worried!
[WIZ]
Uh...
[chuckles]
If you say so.
I'm counting on your Luck
then, Kazuma.
Teleport!
[DESTROYER]
Initiating self-destruct...
Oh, there you are.
It's over.
Hardly.
I can smell an opponent
from a mile away.
The scent of danger
still lingers in the air here.
-This is far from over.
-Huh?
-[thudding]
-What was that?!
[ADVENTURERS clamoring]
What's it doing?! I thought
you got rid of the coronatite!
-[explosion booming]
-[glass shattering]
Oh no!
It's become so hot inside,
the pressure has ruptured
the hull!
[steam hissing]
[WIZ]
If it explodes,
the firestorm
will destroy the town!
Then why'd we bother
with the coronatite?!
Use your Explosion spell!
I don't have
enough magic left.
Hang on, let me think.
Come to think about it,
I took out all of my loans
with the guild here.
So, if there's
no more guild, then...
-[KAZUMA] Hey, numbskull.
-Hmm?
Aah!
Don't you yank my arm!
Can't you see I'm trying
to figure out
some very important issues
over here--
[screaming]
This isn't the time for games,
you shut-in NEET!
Yeah, I know,
that's why I did it!
I'm gonna share
your magic with Wiz
so she can do her
Explosion spell!
Did you forget what my
holy power did to her last time?
If you pump her full of it,
she'll disappear!
Mm-hmm.
Mother fffffrrghh!
-[fluttering]
-[ALL] Huh?
Your savior hath come.
Megumin!
I couldn't get here sooner,
because I passed--
I-I mean, yes!
I passed the threshold
of my endurance!
Now that I've recovered, I will
show you true Explosion magic!
[GUILD MEMBER laughing]
[MEGUMIN/AQUA/KAZUMA/DARKNESS]
KonoSuba!
Alright, you guys ready?
I have never been
more readier.
You only get
one shot at this.
Now, show me what you got,
tough guy.
-You know what to do, right?
-Mm-hmm.
Don't take too much
of my power!
-Not too much, got it?!
-Mm-hmm.
Would you quit worrying?
I'll leave just enough
so you can do your party tricks.
-How dare you?
-Oh, I dare.
My godly powers
are nothing to joke about!
-Whatever.
-Find a place
where the skin
is thinnest.
That's where Drain Touch
works the best.
And the closer to the heart,
the better.
[chuckles]
I get to use Explosion magic
twice in a da--
[screams]
Are you trying to give me
a heart attack?
Ask permission
before you touch a girl!
You creep!
This is harassment!
We're all gonna die
and you're trying to cop a feel!
I'm not coppin' anything.
I'm tryin' to use Drain Touch
where your skin's
the thinnest!
Hey, get your ass
back here!
Would you quit fightin' me?!
You're lucky I don't touch
your chest!
[GUILD MEMBER]
KonoSuba!
Is everyone happy now?
Yes. Her power is amazing!
With this, I can fire off
the biggest,
most beautiful Explosion ever!
Hey, Megumin.
Are you done yet?
I'm starting to worry
about what'll happen
if you overload yourself.
I'm okay.
Just topping it off.
Ohh! Yeah, that's the ticket!
This'll be great!
[KAZUMA]
Uh-oh, what've I done?!
She's not gonna blow
herself up, is she?!
[MEGUMIN]
Oh, Darkness shrouded in light.
Frenzied blaze clad in night.
When it comes
to Explosion magic,
I shall not be outdone
by anyone!
Mine shall reign supreme
in this world!
Here goes.
My ultimate destructive spell!
Explosion!
[explosion booms]
[ground rumbling]
[KAZUMA]
And with that, our battle
with the mobile fortress,
Destroyer, was over.
This lame world,
which by the way,
is nothing like
the kick-ass world
of adventure I hoped for,
was safe.
I got myself a party,
even though everyone's hopeless.
I got myself
a rad house, too,
instead of those
damn freezing stables.
Life here sure
hasn't been easy on me.
But the way I see it,
everything that happened
was good,
'cause it's made me grow
as a person.
That was the longest
tutorial stage ever!
-[footsteps approaching]
-Hmm?
Guess what!
A bunch of knights
from the imperial capital
have come to town!
Huh, I guess they wanted
to hand us
the reward in person.
Man, this is great!
Now I can get out there
and go on some real adventures!
[ALL chuckle]
You are Kazuma Satou, yes?
You have been accused
of the crime of treason
against the kingdom.
I'm here to place you
under arrest.
Huh?!
You did order a mass
of coronatite
to be teleported,
did you not?
It completely destroyed
Lord Aldarp's mansion.
-[explosion booms]
-[KAZUMA What?!
Oh my. How awful.
So, um, are we still getting
the reward?
I think I hear
my next adventure calling.
No, you don't!
God, I hate
this rotten world.
It's like everything
in it's been out to get me
since day friggin' one.
What are you gonna do, Kazuma?!
You're a criminal now!
If they take you to jail,
you can't kill the Devil King,
and I'll never get back home!
[KAZUMA]
Dear God in heaven,
I pray that if I ever get
another chance
to go to
a parallel world...
...it'll be somewhere awesome,
where I can finally,
finally do something cool
with my life!